Bug Report + New Package templates (#656)
coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md

---
name: Bug Report
about: Report issues/problems with Fedora CoreOS
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. 
2.
3. 

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**System Details:**
 - Bare Metal/QEMU/AWS/GCP/etc
 - Fedora CoreOS version

**Ignition Configuration**

> Please attach your Ignition configuration used to provision you system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please attach your FCCT or Ignition configuration used to provision your system. If not using FCCT to generate your Ignition config, does the Ignition config pass validation using [ignition-validate](https://coreos.github.io/ignition/getting-started/#config-validation)?
```
